update Data Jobs Monitoring setup doc (#22720)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

1. In Databricks, click your display name (email address) in the upper right corner of the page.
1. Select **Admin Settings** and click the **Compute** tab.
1. In the **All purpose clusters** section, next to **Global init scripts**, click **Manage**.
1. Click **Add**. Name your script. Then, in the **Script** field, copy and paste the following script, remembering to replace the placeholders with your parameter values. 

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```shell
```

Not really sure why, but those `shell` get a nice copy button in the preview, but not the `bash`
<img width="125" alt="image" src="https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/assets/99249445/61bda9e1-c395-49f0-928b-835cef72f49d">

   #!/bin/bash

   # Required parameters
   export DD_API_KEY=<YOUR API KEY>
   export DD_SITE=<YOUR DATADOG SITE>
   export DATABRICKS_WORKSPACE=<YOUR WORKSPACE NAME> 

   # Download and run the latest init script
   bash -c "$(curl -L https://dd-data-jobs-monitoring-setup.s3.amazonaws.com/scripts/databricks/databricks_init_latest.sh)" || true
   ```

>    The script above sets the required parameters and downloads the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Databricks. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in URL with `databricks_init_1.0.0.sh` to use the last stable version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The script above sets the required parameters and downloads the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Databricks. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in the URL with `databricks_init_1.0.0.sh` to use the last stable version.
```

Author: Thank you @aliciascott. I made some changes based on your feedback. And at the same time, update our doc due to a slight different setup workflow, please review again. Thanks!

>    The script above sets the required parameters, downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Databricks. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the file name in the URL with `databricks_init_1.0.0.sh` to use the last stable version.

Reviewer 3: @yiliangzhou it will probably be annoying to update the docs everytime we have a new stable version, so is there somewhere we can link to where the user can find this as we add more stable releases over time?

Reviewer: Agree it will be annoying and something to keep in mind, but I think it is acceptable to have to manually change it for now

Reviewer 3: Same, this is fine for now until we have have a public repo.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "On a specific cluster" %}}

> 1. In Databricks, create a init script file in **Workspace** with the following content, jot down the file path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In Databricks, create a init script file in **Workspace** with the following content. Be sure to make note of the file path.
```

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```shell
```
